pages/_includes/au-accessionnumber-intro.md, before:

**AU Local Order Identifier**  *[[FMM Level 0](guidance.html)]*

This identifier profile defines a local order identifier in an Australian context. A local order identifier is an entity's (organisation, service, individual) identifier for an order in that organisation’s local system set of orders.

Typically a local order identifier will be either a placer identifier[<sup>[1]</sup>](https://confluence.hl7australia.com/display/OOADRM20181/5+Observation+Ordering#id-5ObservationOrdering-5.4.1.2ORC-2Localordernumber(EI)00216){:target="_blank"}  or a filler identier[<sup>[1]</sup>](https://confluence.hl7australia.com/display/OOADRM20181/5+Observation+Ordering#id-5ObservationOrdering-5.4.1.3ORC-3Fillerordernumber(EI)00217){:target="_blank"} (sometimes known as filler order number). A placer identifier is an identifier for a request or group of requests where the identifier is issued by the entity making the request. A filler identifier is an identifier for a request or group of requests where the identifier is issued by the entity that produces the observations or fulfills the request.

Commit message:

Diagnostic Identifier profiles - informative wording updates

pages/_includes/au-accessionnumber-intro.md, after:

**AU Accession Number**  *[[FMM Level 0](guidance.html)]*

This identifier profile defines an accession number in an Australian context. An accession number is an assigning entity's (service or organisation) identifier in that entity's local organisation's local system set of records. 

Accession numbers are typically assigned by a diagnostic imaging system or clinical laboratory system and depending on the domain an accession number may for example identify a specimen, imaging examination, or biological polymer sequence.   

#### Usage Notes
It is preferable that an organisation uses their own local system identifier namespace but if that is not available then an organisation can use their HPI-O to construct a legal globally unique identifier system for their local identifiers. 

See the Australian Digital Health Agency's [R4 FAQ](https://github.com/AuDigitalHealth/ci-fhir-r4/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions) for guidance on constructing an HPI-O scoped[<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/hpio-scoped/accessionnumber/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"} local dispense identifier.
