pages/_includes/au-diagnostic-servicerequest-intro.md, before:

**AU Diagnostic Service Request** *[[FMM Level 0](guidance.html)]*

This profile defines a service request structure that includes core localisation concepts for use as a diagnostic service request in an Australian context.

Note: The procedure-targetBodyStructure extension should only used if not implicit in the code found in ServiceRequest.code. If the use case requires BodySite to be handled as a separate resource instead of an inline coded element (e.g. to identify and track separately) then use the standard extension [procedure-targetBodyStructure](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/extension-procedure-targetbodystructure.html). 

Forthcoming work around this profile is expected to result in a value set representing the Standard for Pathology Informatics in Australia - Requesting codes bound as a slice on the code element in addition to the existing slice for diagnostic imaging requests in SNOMED CT<sup>TM</sup>.

#### Identifiers
These definitions represent common data held in the ServiceRequest.identifier element:
* Placer order number [<sup>[1]</sup>](https://confluence.hl7australia.com/display/OOADRM20181/5+Observation+Ordering#id-5ObservationOrdering-5.4.1.2ORC-2Placerordernumber(EI)00216)

#### Extensions
Extensions used in this profile:
* ServiceRequest: procedure-targetBodyStructure (core extension) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/extension-procedure-targetbodystructure.html)

Commit message:

Corrections to AU Base issues
AU Diagnostic Service Request :
-  remove broken slice on code
- add guidance to use of value sets
- performerType  fix system 1..1 in slices
AU Base Diagnostic Report:
-  remove broken slice on code
- add guidance to use of value sets
- removed slice on conclusionCode and made it preferred binding
AU Diagnostic Observation:
-  remove broken slice on code
- add guidance to use of value sets
Fixes #421, Fixes #422.

pages/_includes/au-diagnostic-servicerequest-intro.md, after:

**AU Diagnostic Service Request** *[[FMM Level 0](guidance.html)]*

This profile defines a service request structure that includes core localisation concepts for use as a diagnostic service request in an Australian context.

Note: The procedure-targetBodyStructure extension should only used if not implicit in the code found in ServiceRequest.code. If the use case requires BodySite to be handled as a separate resource instead of an inline coded element (e.g. to identify and track separately) then use the standard extension [procedure-targetBodyStructure](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/extension-procedure-targetbodystructure.html). 

For diagnostic imaging the preferred value set for the code element is [https://healthterminologies.gov.au/fhir/ValueSet/imaging-procedure-1](https://healthterminologies.gov.au/fhir/ValueSet/imaging-procedure-1) in SNOMED CT<sup>TM</sup>.

For pathology it is expected the value set representing the Standard for Pathology Informatics in Australia - Requesting will be preferred for the code element. This SNOMED CT<sup>TM</sup> value set is being developed.

Additional value sets for other non-pathology and non-diagnostic imaging diagnostic content e.g. cardiology, sleep studies, etc will be included when the content becomes available. These value sets will likely be in SNOMED CT<sup>TM</sup>.
#### Identifiers
These definitions represent common data held in the ServiceRequest.identifier element:
* Placer order number [<sup>[1]</sup>](https://confluence.hl7australia.com/display/OOADRM20181/5+Observation+Ordering#id-5ObservationOrdering-5.4.1.2ORC-2Placerordernumber(EI)00216)

#### Extensions
Extensions used in this profile:
* ServiceRequest: procedure-targetBodyStructure (core extension) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/extension-procedure-targetbodystructure.html)
