pages/_includes/au-location-intro.md, before:

**AU Base Location** *[[FMM Level 3](guidance.html)]*

This profile defines a location structure that localises core concepts, including identifiers and terminology, for use in an Australian context.

The purpose of this profile is to provide national level agreement on core localised concepts. 

This profile does not force conformance to core localised concepts. It enables implementers and modellers to make their own rules, i.e. [profiling](http://hl7.org/fhir/profiling.html), about how to support these concepts for specific implementation needs.


#### Identifiers
These definitions, defined as profiles of [Identifier](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Identifier), represent common data held in the Location.identifier element:
* [National Association of Testing Authorities (NATA) Site Number](StructureDefinition-au-natasitenumber.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://hl7.org.au/id/nata-site/index.html){:target="_blank"}

#### Extensions
No extensions are used in this profile.

**Examples**

[Site at 33 Slobodian Street, Albion, QLD](Location-example1.html)

[Level 1, Green Building, Albion Hospital, QLD](Location-example2.html)

[Family medicine clinic at Sandy Bay Road, Strahan, TAS](Location-example3.html)

Commit message:

Updated examples for the profiles and added the reference of Contact Purpose extension and usage notes in (au-location, au-patient, au-practitioner, au-relatedperson) profiles
SRAIG-181

pages/_includes/au-location-intro.md, after:

**AU Base Location** *[[FMM Level 3](guidance.html)]*

This profile defines a location structure that localises core concepts, including identifiers and terminology, for use in an Australian context.

The purpose of this profile is to provide national level agreement on core localised concepts. 

This profile does not force conformance to core localised concepts. It enables implementers and modellers to make their own rules, i.e. [profiling](http://hl7.org/fhir/profiling.html), about how to support these concepts for specific implementation needs.


#### Identifiers
These definitions, defined as profiles of [Identifier](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Identifier), represent common data held in the Location.identifier element:
* [National Association of Testing Authorities (NATA) Site Number](StructureDefinition-au-natasitenumber.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://hl7.org.au/id/nata-site/index.html){:target="_blank"}

#### Extensions
No extensions are used in this profile.

Other potentially useful extensions:
* Location.telecom: [Contact Purpose](http://build.fhir.org/ig/hl7au/au-fhir-base/StructureDefinition-contact-purpose.html)

#### Usage Notes

When it is necessary to indicate the purpose of a contact point (e.g. telecom), the extension Contact Purpose could be used.

**Examples**

[Site at 33 Slobodian Street, Albion, QLD](Location-example1.html)

[Level 1, Green Building, Albion Hospital, QLD](Location-example2.html)

[Family medicine clinic at Sandy Bay Road, Strahan, TAS](Location-example3.html)
