pages/_includes/au-localdispenseidentifier-intro.md, before:

**AU Local Dispense Identifier**  *[[FMM Level 1](guidance.html)]*

This identifier profile defines a local dispense identifier in an Australian context. A local dispense identifier is an organisation's identifier for a prescription in that organisation's local system set of dispense records.

A dispense record identifier is typically assigned by the dispensing system and allows linking of a dispensing record to the dispensing system's local identifier.


#### Extensions

No extensions are used in this profile.


#### Usage Notes

It is preferable that an organisation uses their own local system identifier namespace but if that is not available then an organisation can use their HPI-O to construct a legal globally unique identifier system for their local identifiers. 

See the Australian Digital Health Agency's [R4 FAQ](https://github.com/AuDigitalHealth/ci-fhir-r4/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions) for guidance on constructing an HPI-O scoped[<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/hpio-scoped/dispense/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"} local dispense identifier.


#### Examples

No examples are available for this profile.

Commit message:

Ballot fix: add 2 MedicationDispense examples (#676)
* Initial cut of new MedicationDispense example

Initial draft based on medicationrequest-example2

* MedicationDispense example updates

Added quantity, daysSupply, note and substitution.
Changed the identifier value
Partial fix for HL7AU Ballot comment FHIRIG-151

* Simplified example hyperlink to align with associated prescription

HL7AU Ballot comment FHIRIG-151

* Added name to example listing in ig.xml

as "Dispense for Reaptan"

* medicationdispense-example0 - updated HPI-O of LDI

Corrected the HPI-O for the Downunder Hospital, from the record in organization0example0.xml (as the recognised source of truth for the identifier).

* Update text descriptor of MedicationDispense example0

To "First dispense for Reaptan"

* Updated MedicationDispense description to align

* Add second MedicationDispense example instance

As 'Second dispense for Reaptan'

* Updated ignoreWarnings.txt to remove warning on MedicationDispense examples

* MedicationDispense examples - remove reference display values

* MedicationDispense example1 - modified to differ from sibling example

* MedicationDispense example1 - removed zulu time

Changed to +10:00 time zone

* MedicationDispense example - removed extensions

Removed extension instances of medication brand name and medication generic name

pages/_includes/au-localdispenseidentifier-intro.md, after:

**AU Local Dispense Identifier**  *[[FMM Level 1](guidance.html)]*

This identifier profile defines a local dispense identifier in an Australian context. A local dispense identifier is an organisation's identifier for a prescription in that organisation's local system set of dispense records.

A dispense record identifier is typically assigned by the dispensing system and allows linking of a dispensing record to the dispensing system's local identifier.


#### Extensions

No extensions are used in this profile.


#### Usage Notes

It is preferable that an organisation uses their own local system identifier namespace but if that is not available then an organisation can use their HPI-O to construct a legal globally unique identifier system for their local identifiers. 

See the Australian Digital Health Agency's [R4 FAQ](https://github.com/AuDigitalHealth/ci-fhir-r4/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions) for guidance on constructing an HPI-O scoped[<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/hpio-scoped/dispense/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"} local dispense identifier.


#### Examples

[First dispense for Reaptan](MedicationDispense-medicationdispense-example0.html) against [Prescription for Reaptan](MedicationRequest-medicationrequest-example2.html)

[Second dispense for Reaptan](MedicationDispense-medicationdispense-example1.html) against [Prescription for Reaptan](MedicationRequest-medicationrequest-example2.html)
