pages/_includes/au-medicationdispense-intro.md, before:

**AU Base Medication Dispense**  *[[FMM Level 2](guidance.html)]*

This profile defines a medication dispense structure including core localisation concepts for use as a dispense record in an Australian context.

The purpose of this profile is to provide national level agreement on core localised concepts. 

This profile does not force conformance to core localised concepts. It enables implementers and modellers to make their own rules, i.e. [profiling](http://hl7.org/fhir/profiling.html), about how to support these concepts for specific implementation needs.


#### Identifiers
These definitions, defined as profiles of [Identifier](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Identifier), represent common data held in the MedicationDispense.identifier element:
* [Local Dispense Identifier](StructureDefinition-au-localdispenseidentifier.html)[<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/hpio-scoped/dispense/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"}


#### Extensions
Extensions used in this profile:
* MedicationDispense: [Subsidised Concurrent Supply](StructureDefinition-subsidised-concurrent-supply.html)
* MedicationDispense: [Dispense Number](StructureDefinition-dispense-number.html)
* MedicationDispense: [Medication Brand Name](StructureDefinition-medication-brand-name.html) 
* MedicationDispense: [Medication Generic Drug Name](StructureDefinition-medication-generic-name.html)
* MedicationDispense.medication.coding: [Medication Type](StructureDefinition-medication-type.html)


#### Usage Notes
A full medication definition as medicationReference or medicationCodeableConcept can be included to define the drug/medication concept. Medication definition includes coding as:
* [PBS Item Code](https://www.pbs.gov.au/pbs/home) - Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme coding, claiming context is not relevant as medicine coding
* [Medication Package Global Trade Item Number](http://terminology.hl7.org/ValueSet/v3-GTIN) - Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) physical product reference
* [AMT Medicines](https://healthterminologies.gov.au/fhir/ValueSet/australian-medication-1) - Australian Medicines Terminology, national drug terminology
* [MIMS Package](https://www.mims.com.au/index.php) - commonly used medicine coding

When supplying a medicationReference, the extensions Medication Brand Name and Medication Generic Drug Name are not be used. These extensions are available on the referenced Medication resource and should be instantiated there if this information is included.

Where a system cannot include a coded value (only MedicationDispense.medicationCodeableConcept.text can be supplied) it is expected that:
* where a system has both brand name and generic name, brand name will form part of the MedicationDispense.medicationCodeableConcept.text and optionally be supplied in brand name extension, and generic name is supplied in the generic name extension
* where a system only has brand name, the brand name form part of MedicationDispense.medicationCodeableConcept.text and optionally be supplied in the brand name extension
* where a system only has generic name, the generic name form part of MedicationDispense.medicationCodeableConcept.text and optionally be supplied in the generic name extension
* where a system is unable to determine if the text is brand name or generic name, the text will only be supplied MedicationDispense.medicationCodeableConcept.text


#### Examples
No examples are available for this profile.

Commit message:

Ballot fix: add 2 MedicationDispense examples (#676)
* Initial cut of new MedicationDispense example

Initial draft based on medicationrequest-example2

* MedicationDispense example updates

Added quantity, daysSupply, note and substitution.
Changed the identifier value
Partial fix for HL7AU Ballot comment FHIRIG-151

* Simplified example hyperlink to align with associated prescription

HL7AU Ballot comment FHIRIG-151

* Added name to example listing in ig.xml

as "Dispense for Reaptan"

* medicationdispense-example0 - updated HPI-O of LDI

Corrected the HPI-O for the Downunder Hospital, from the record in organization0example0.xml (as the recognised source of truth for the identifier).

* Update text descriptor of MedicationDispense example0

To "First dispense for Reaptan"

* Updated MedicationDispense description to align

* Add second MedicationDispense example instance

As 'Second dispense for Reaptan'

* Updated ignoreWarnings.txt to remove warning on MedicationDispense examples

* MedicationDispense examples - remove reference display values

* MedicationDispense example1 - modified to differ from sibling example

* MedicationDispense example1 - removed zulu time

Changed to +10:00 time zone

* MedicationDispense example - removed extensions

Removed extension instances of medication brand name and medication generic name

pages/_includes/au-medicationdispense-intro.md, after:

**AU Base Medication Dispense**  *[[FMM Level 2](guidance.html)]*

This profile defines a medication dispense structure including core localisation concepts for use as a dispense record in an Australian context.

The purpose of this profile is to provide national level agreement on core localised concepts. 

This profile does not force conformance to core localised concepts. It enables implementers and modellers to make their own rules, i.e. [profiling](http://hl7.org/fhir/profiling.html), about how to support these concepts for specific implementation needs.


#### Identifiers
These definitions, defined as profiles of [Identifier](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Identifier), represent common data held in the MedicationDispense.identifier element:
* [Local Dispense Identifier](StructureDefinition-au-localdispenseidentifier.html)[<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/hpio-scoped/dispense/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"}


#### Extensions
Extensions used in this profile:
* MedicationDispense: [Subsidised Concurrent Supply](StructureDefinition-subsidised-concurrent-supply.html)
* MedicationDispense: [Dispense Number](StructureDefinition-dispense-number.html)
* MedicationDispense: [Medication Brand Name](StructureDefinition-medication-brand-name.html) 
* MedicationDispense: [Medication Generic Drug Name](StructureDefinition-medication-generic-name.html)
* MedicationDispense.medication.coding: [Medication Type](StructureDefinition-medication-type.html)


#### Usage Notes
A full medication definition as medicationReference or medicationCodeableConcept can be included to define the drug/medication concept. Medication definition includes coding as:
* [PBS Item Code](https://www.pbs.gov.au/pbs/home) - Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme coding, claiming context is not relevant as medicine coding
* [Medication Package Global Trade Item Number](http://terminology.hl7.org/ValueSet/v3-GTIN) - Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) physical product reference
* [AMT Medicines](https://healthterminologies.gov.au/fhir/ValueSet/australian-medication-1) - Australian Medicines Terminology, national drug terminology
* [MIMS Package](https://www.mims.com.au/index.php) - commonly used medicine coding

When supplying a medicationReference, the extensions Medication Brand Name and Medication Generic Drug Name are not be used. These extensions are available on the referenced Medication resource and should be instantiated there if this information is included.

Where a system cannot include a coded value (only MedicationDispense.medicationCodeableConcept.text can be supplied) it is expected that:
* where a system has both brand name and generic name, brand name will form part of the MedicationDispense.medicationCodeableConcept.text and optionally be supplied in brand name extension, and generic name is supplied in the generic name extension
* where a system only has brand name, the brand name form part of MedicationDispense.medicationCodeableConcept.text and optionally be supplied in the brand name extension
* where a system only has generic name, the generic name form part of MedicationDispense.medicationCodeableConcept.text and optionally be supplied in the generic name extension
* where a system is unable to determine if the text is brand name or generic name, the text will only be supplied MedicationDispense.medicationCodeableConcept.text


#### Examples

[First dispense for Reaptan](MedicationDispense-medicationdispense-example0.html) against [Prescription for Reaptan](MedicationRequest-medicationrequest-example2.html)

[Second dispense for Reaptan](MedicationDispense-medicationdispense-example1.html) against [Prescription for Reaptan](MedicationRequest-medicationrequest-example2.html)
