pages/_includes/au-medicationrequest-intro.md, before:

**AU Base Medication Request** *[[FMM 2](guidance.html)]*

This profile defines a medication request structure including core localisation concepts for use as a medication prescription or order in an Australian context.

The purpose of this profile is to provide national level agreement on core localised concepts. 

This profile does not force conformance to core localised concepts. It enables implementers and modellers to make their own rules, i.e. [profiling](http://hl7.org/fhir/profiling.html), about how to support these concepts for specific implementation needs.


#### Identifiers
These definitions, defined as profiles of [Identifier](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Identifier), represent common data held in the MedicationRequest.identifier element:
* [ETP Vendor Identifier](StructureDefinition-au-etpprescriptionidentifier.html)
* [Local Prescription Identifier](StructureDefinition-au-localprescriptionidentifier.html)[<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/hpio-scoped/prescription/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"}


#### Extensions
Extensions used in this profile:
* MedicationRequest: [Subsidised Concurrent Supply](StructureDefinition-subsidised-concurrent-supply.html)
* MedicationRequest.medication.coding: [Medication Type](StructureDefinition-medication-type.html)

Potentially useful extensions:
* MedicationRequest: [Medication Brand Name](StructureDefinition-medication-brand-name.html) 
* MedicationRequest: [Medication Generic Name](StructureDefinition-medication-generic-name.html)


#### Usage Notes
A full medication definition as medicationReference or medicationCodeableConcept can be included to define the drug/medication concept. Medication definition includes coding as:
* [PBS Item Code](https://www.pbs.gov.au/pbs/home) - Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme coding, claiming context is not relevant as medicine coding
* [Medication Package Global Trade Item Number](http://terminology.hl7.org/ValueSet/v3-GTIN) - Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) physical product reference
* [AMT Medicines](https://healthterminologies.gov.au/fhir/ValueSet/australian-medication-1) - Australian Medicines Terminology, national drug terminology
* [MIMS Package](https://www.mims.com.au/index.php) - commonly used medicine coding


#### Examples
[Prescription for Stribild  with concurrent supply](MedicationRequest-medicationrequest-example1.html)

[Prescription for paracetamol + codeine](MedicationRequest-medicationrequest-example0.html)

[Prescription for Reaptan](MedicationRequest-medicationrequest-example2.html)

Commit message:

CIFMM-3828: Added Conversion note to a--medicationrequest-intro.md (#701)
A Conversion note was added to au-medicationrequest-intro.md to show the the extension Minimal Interval Between Repeats is no longer needed in R4.

pages/_includes/au-medicationrequest-intro.md, after:

**AU Base Medication Request** *[[FMM 2](guidance.html)]*

This profile defines a medication request structure including core localisation concepts for use as a medication prescription or order in an Australian context.

The purpose of this profile is to provide national level agreement on core localised concepts. 

This profile does not force conformance to core localised concepts. It enables implementers and modellers to make their own rules, i.e. [profiling](http://hl7.org/fhir/profiling.html), about how to support these concepts for specific implementation needs.


#### Identifiers
These definitions, defined as profiles of [Identifier](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Identifier), represent common data held in the MedicationRequest.identifier element:
* [ETP Vendor Identifier](StructureDefinition-au-etpprescriptionidentifier.html)
* [Local Prescription Identifier](StructureDefinition-au-localprescriptionidentifier.html)[<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/hpio-scoped/prescription/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"}


#### Extensions
Extensions used in this profile:
* MedicationRequest: [Subsidised Concurrent Supply](StructureDefinition-subsidised-concurrent-supply.html)
* MedicationRequest.medication.coding: [Medication Type](StructureDefinition-medication-type.html)

Potentially useful extensions:
* MedicationRequest: [Medication Brand Name](StructureDefinition-medication-brand-name.html) 
* MedicationRequest: [Medication Generic Name](StructureDefinition-medication-generic-name.html)


#### Usage Notes
A full medication definition as medicationReference or medicationCodeableConcept can be included to define the drug/medication concept. Medication definition includes coding as:
* [PBS Item Code](https://www.pbs.gov.au/pbs/home) - Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme coding, claiming context is not relevant as medicine coding
* [Medication Package Global Trade Item Number](http://terminology.hl7.org/ValueSet/v3-GTIN) - Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) physical product reference
* [AMT Medicines](https://healthterminologies.gov.au/fhir/ValueSet/australian-medication-1) - Australian Medicines Terminology, national drug terminology
* [MIMS Package](https://www.mims.com.au/index.php) - commonly used medicine coding


#### Conversion
NOTE: AU Base on STU3 included the extension Minimum Interval Between Repeats which is now no longer required as direct R4 support is available. 


#### Examples
[Prescription for Stribild  with concurrent supply](MedicationRequest-medicationrequest-example1.html)

[Prescription for paracetamol + codeine](MedicationRequest-medicationrequest-example0.html)

[Prescription for Reaptan](MedicationRequest-medicationrequest-example2.html)
