pages/_includes/au-medicareprovidernumber-intro.md, before:

**AU Medicare Provider Number**  *[[FMM Level 0](guidance.html)]*

This identifier profile defines a Medicare provider number[<sup>[1]</sup>](https://www.servicesaustralia.gov.au/organisations/health-professionals/services/medicare/medicare-benefits-health-professionals/apply-medicare-provider-number/about-medicare-provider-numbers){:target="_blank"} [<sup>[2]</sup>](http://meteor.aihw.gov.au/content/index.phtml/itemId/601809){:target="_blank"} in an Australian context. A Medicare provider number is assigned by Services Australia under the Medicare program to practitioners who provide services that are eligible for a Medicare benefit. 

A practitioner may have more than one Medicare provider number if they deliver health services in different locations or are registered in multiple health professions. 

**Examples**

[Practitioner Role with Medicare provider number and SNOMED-CT coded specialty](PractitionerRole-example0.html)

[General Practitioner with Medicare provider number](PractitionerRole-example3.html)

Commit message:

Improve treatment of examples in PractitionerRole (#530)
* Use preferred values for code and specialty, use example values for telecom and identifier.

* Improve text of links to examples in intro.md, make associated changes to examples.

* Added reference to ANZSCO in intro.md as placeholder

* Improve text of links to examples

* Improve link text to examples
Use standard example value for Medicare Provider Number

* Add missing reference to practitionerrole-example4

Co-authored-by: Danielle Tavares-Rixon <danielle.tavares-rixon@digitalhealth.gov.au>

pages/_includes/au-medicareprovidernumber-intro.md, after:

**AU Medicare Provider Number**  *[[FMM Level 0](guidance.html)]*

This identifier profile defines a Medicare provider number[<sup>[1]</sup>](https://www.servicesaustralia.gov.au/organisations/health-professionals/services/medicare/medicare-benefits-health-professionals/apply-medicare-provider-number/about-medicare-provider-numbers){:target="_blank"} [<sup>[2]</sup>](http://meteor.aihw.gov.au/content/index.phtml/itemId/601809){:target="_blank"} in an Australian context. A Medicare provider number is assigned by Services Australia under the Medicare program to practitioners who provide services that are eligible for a Medicare benefit. 

A practitioner may have more than one Medicare provider number if they deliver health services in different locations or are registered in multiple health professions. 

**Examples**

[Practitioner Role with Medicare provider number and SNOMED-CT coded specialty](PractitionerRole-example0.html)

[General Practitioner with Medicare provider number and SNOMED-CT coded specialty](PractitionerRole-example3.html)

[Cardiologist with Medicare provider number and vendor directory identifier, with HL7 V2 Assigning Authority](PractitionerRole-example4.html)
