pages/_includes/au-medicationadministration-intro.md, before:

**AU Base Medication Administration**  *[[FMM Level 2](guidance.html)]*

This profile defines a medication administration structure including core localisation concepts for use in an Australian context. 

The purpose of this profile is to provide national level agreement on core localised concepts. 

This profile does not force conformance to core localised concepts. It enables implementers and modellers to make their own rules, i.e. [profiling](http://hl7.org/fhir/profiling.html), about how to support these concepts for specific implementation needs.


#### Extensions
No extensions are available for this profile.


#### Usage Notes
A full medication definition as medicationReference or medicationCodeableConcept can be included to define the drug/medication concept. Medication definition includes coding as:
* [PBS Item Code](https://www.pbs.gov.au/pbs/home) - Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme coding, claiming context is not relevant as medicine coding
* [Medication Package Global Trade Item Number](http://terminology.hl7.org/ValueSet/v3-GTIN) - Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) physical product reference
* [AMT Medicines](https://healthterminologies.gov.au/fhir/ValueSet/australian-medication-1) - Australian Medicines Terminology, national drug terminology
* [MIMS Package](https://www.mims.com.au/index.php) - commonly used medicine coding


#### Examples
No examples are available for this profile.

Commit message:

Ballot fix: add 2 MedicationAdministration examples (#689)
* Add 1 MedicationAdministration example

Partial fix for HL7AU ballot comment FHIRIG-151

* Add second MedicationAdministration example

Partial fix for HL7AU ballot comment FHIRIG-151

* Add third MedicationAdministration example

Self administration of insulin glargine, represented by PBS coding.

Partially addresses HL7AU ballot comment FHIRIG-151

* MedicationAdministration example updates

Condition.code changed to hypertension and changed effectiveDateTime to align with a morning dose.

* MedicationAdministration example - remove redundant bodySite node

The bodySite node pertained to an earlier iteration of this example and is no longer relevant.

* medicationadministration-example0.xml - removed reasonCode node

* Removed medicationadministration-example1.xml

* Refactored MedicationAdministration example

Renamed medicationadministration-example2 to medicationadministration-example1

Added medicationCodeableConcept coding as AMT

Removed performer.function

Changed patient reference

Added reasonReference with reference to (existing) Condition example

* Refactored medicationadministration-example0.xml

Removed dosage.site.coding and replaced with text

* Added PBS as unrecognised CodeSystem to ignore warnings file

* Reinstae the warning about the unknown  PBS CodeSystem

pages/_includes/au-medicationadministration-intro.md, after:

**AU Base Medication Administration**  *[[FMM Level 2](guidance.html)]*

This profile defines a medication administration structure including core localisation concepts for use in an Australian context. 

The purpose of this profile is to provide national level agreement on core localised concepts. 

This profile does not force conformance to core localised concepts. It enables implementers and modellers to make their own rules, i.e. [profiling](http://hl7.org/fhir/profiling.html), about how to support these concepts for specific implementation needs.


#### Extensions
No extensions are available for this profile.


#### Usage Notes
A full medication definition as medicationReference or medicationCodeableConcept can be included to define the drug/medication concept. Medication definition includes coding as:
* [PBS Item Code](https://www.pbs.gov.au/pbs/home) - Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme coding, claiming context is not relevant as medicine coding
* [Medication Package Global Trade Item Number](http://terminology.hl7.org/ValueSet/v3-GTIN) - Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) physical product reference
* [AMT Medicines](https://healthterminologies.gov.au/fhir/ValueSet/australian-medication-1) - Australian Medicines Terminology, national drug terminology
* [MIMS Package](https://www.mims.com.au/index.php) - commonly used medicine coding


#### Examples

[Administration of chlorsig eye drops](MedicationAdministration-example0.html)

[Self-administration of insulin glargine](MedicationAdministration-example1.html)
