pages/_includes/au-norelevantfinding-intro.md, before:

**AU Assertion of No Relevant Finding Profile** *[[FMM Level 0](guidance.html)]*

This profile provides an observation information structure for asserting a clinical judgement that there are no items of specific interest, e.g. allergies, no medications, for a patient.

This observation may be time bound, e.g. the patient is not currently taking medications on this date. In such a scenario it is expected that status will be 'final'.

An assertion of no relevant finding may be used in continuity of care or transfer or care related lists and composition sections. One possible use scenario is in a summary document to positively state that there is no known history of conditions for  a patient. In such a scenario it is expected that status will be 'final'.

**Examples**

[No history of procedure](observation-norelevantfinding-nohistoryofprocedure.html)

[No history of immunisation](observation-norelevantfinding-nohistoryofimmunisations.html)

[No history of condition](observation-norelevantfinding-nohistoryofcondition.html)

[No current medications (observation)](observation-norelevantfinding-nocurrentmedications.html)

Commit message:

Fixes for AU Assertion of No Relevant Finding CIFMM-2177

pages/_includes/au-norelevantfinding-intro.md, after:

**AU Assertion of No Relevant Finding Profile** *[[FMM Level 0](guidance.html)]*

This profile provides an observation information structure for asserting a clinical judgement that there are no items of specific interest, e.g. allergies, no medications, for a patient.

This observation may be time bound, e.g. the patient is not currently taking medications on this date. In such a scenario it is expected that status will be 'final'.

An assertion of no relevant finding may be used in continuity of care or transfer or care related lists and composition sections. One possible use scenario is in a summary document to positively state that there is no known history of conditions for  a patient. In such a scenario it is expected that status will be 'final'.

Note: Forthcoming work around this profile will bind valueCodeableConcept to Assertion Of Absence value set.

**Examples**

[No history of procedure](observation-norelevantfinding-example0.html)

[No history of immunisation](observation-norelevantfinding-example1.html)

[No known history of conditions](observation-norelevantfinding-example2.html)

[Patient not taking any medications](observation-norelevantfinding-example3.html)
