pages/_includes/au-organization-intro.md, before:

**AU Base Organization Profile** *[[FMM Level 3](guidance.html)]*

This profile provides core localisations to Organization for an Australian context.
It includes preferred terminology bindings, extensions and patterns of use for identifiers.

#### Identifiers
These definitions, defined as profiles of [Identifier](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Identifier), represent common data held in the Organization.identifier element:
* [Healthcare Provider Identifier – Organisation (HPI-O)](StructureDefinition-au-hpionumber.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/hi/hpio/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"} [<sup>[2]</sup>](http://meteor.aihw.gov.au/content/index.phtml/itemId/426830){:target="_blank"}
* [My Health Record Assigned Identity - Organisation (PAI-O)](StructureDefinition-au-paioidentifier.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/pcehr/paio/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"}
* [Contracted Service Provider (CSP) Registration Number](StructureDefinition-au-cspregistrationnumber.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/hi/csp/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"}
* ASIC Identifiers - [Australian Business Number (ABN)](StructureDefinition-au-australianbusinessnumber.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://hl7.org.au/id/abn ){:target="_blank"} [<sup>[2]</sup>](https://www.abr.business.gov.au/HelpAbnFormat.aspx){:target="_blank"}, [Australian Company Number (ACN)](StructureDefinition-au-australiancompanynumber.html) [<sup>[3]</sup>](http://hl7.org.au/id/acn){:target="_blank"} [<sup>[4]</sup>](http://asic.gov.au/for-business/registering-a-company/steps-to-register-a-company/australian-company-numbers/australian-company-number-digit-check){:target="_blank"} and [Australian Registered Body Number (ARBN)](StructureDefinition-au-australianregistredbodynumber.html) [<sup>[5]</sup>](http://hl7.org.au/id/arbn){:target="_blank"}
* [National Association of Testing Authorities (NATA) Accreditation Number](StructureDefinition-au-nataaccreditationnumber.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://hl7.org.au/id/nata-accreditation/index.html){:target="_blank"}

#### Extensions
No extensions are used in this profile.

#### Examples

[Organisation with HPI-O](Organization-example0.html)

[Albion Hospital with Australian Business Number](Organization-example1.html)

[Devonport Family Medicine Clinic with Australian Business Number](Organization-example3.html)

[ACME Pathology with NATA Number, ARBN, ABN, ACN, HPI-O, PAI-O and CSP](Organization-f799e349-0385-4fbc-a2aa-b5b50af957ea.html)

Commit message:

AU Base Organization - improved intro.md
Improved intro sentence inline with other PA profile updates
Inclusion of Organization.type terminology
Inclusion of

pages/_includes/au-organization-intro.md, after:

**AU Base Organization Profile** *[[FMM Level 3](guidance.html)]*

This profile defines an organisation structure that localises core concepts, including identifiers and terminology, for use in an Australian context.

The purpose of this profile is to provide national level agreement on core localised concepts. 

This profile does not force conformance to core localised concepts. It enables implementers and modellers to make their own rules, i.e. [profiling](http://hl7.org/fhir/profiling.html), about how to support these concepts for specific implementation needs.

There are two preferred value sets when coding Organization.type:

*	a type of organisation that delivers healthcare services is preferred to be a member of [Healthcare Organisation Role Type](https://healthterminologies.gov.au/fhir/ValueSet/healthcare-organisation-role-type-1)
*	a type of organisation that delivers other services may be a member of  a pathology diagnostic report code is preferred to be a member of set of codes published as [1292.0 - Australian and New Zealand Standard Industrial Classification (ANZSIC)](https://www.abs.gov.au/ausstats/abs@.nsf/mf/1292.0) (a value set representation is forthcoming)

#### Identifiers
These definitions, defined as profiles of [Identifier](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Identifier), represent common data held in the Organization.identifier element:
* [Healthcare Provider Identifier – Organisation (HPI-O)](StructureDefinition-au-hpionumber.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/hi/hpio/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"} [<sup>[2]</sup>](http://meteor.aihw.gov.au/content/index.phtml/itemId/426830){:target="_blank"}
* [My Health Record Assigned Identity - Organisation (PAI-O)](StructureDefinition-au-paioidentifier.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/pcehr/paio/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"}
* [Contracted Service Provider (CSP) Registration Number](StructureDefinition-au-cspregistrationnumber.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/hi/csp/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"}
* ASIC Identifiers - [Australian Business Number (ABN)](StructureDefinition-au-australianbusinessnumber.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://hl7.org.au/id/abn ){:target="_blank"} [<sup>[2]</sup>](https://www.abr.business.gov.au/HelpAbnFormat.aspx){:target="_blank"}, [Australian Company Number (ACN)](StructureDefinition-au-australiancompanynumber.html) [<sup>[3]</sup>](http://hl7.org.au/id/acn){:target="_blank"} [<sup>[4]</sup>](http://asic.gov.au/for-business/registering-a-company/steps-to-register-a-company/australian-company-numbers/australian-company-number-digit-check){:target="_blank"} and [Australian Registered Body Number (ARBN)](StructureDefinition-au-australianregistredbodynumber.html) [<sup>[5]</sup>](http://hl7.org.au/id/arbn){:target="_blank"}
* [National Association of Testing Authorities (NATA) Accreditation Number](StructureDefinition-au-nataaccreditationnumber.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://hl7.org.au/id/nata-accreditation/index.html){:target="_blank"}

#### Extensions
No extensions are used in this profile.

#### Examples

[Organisation with HPI-O](Organization-example0.html)

[Albion Hospital with Australian Business Number](Organization-example1.html)

[Devonport Family Medicine Clinic with Australian Business Number](Organization-example3.html)

[ACME Pathology with NATA Number, ARBN, ABN, ACN, HPI-O, PAI-O and CSP](Organization-f799e349-0385-4fbc-a2aa-b5b50af957ea.html)
