pages/_includes/au-practitionerrole-intro.md, before:

**AU Base Practitioner Role** *[[FMM Level 3](guidance.html)]*

This profile defines a practitioner role structure that localises core concepts, including identifiers and terminology, for use in an Australian context.

The purpose of this profile is to provide national level agreement on core localised concepts. 

This profile does not force conformance to core localised concepts. It enables implementers and modellers to make their own rules, i.e. [profiling](http://hl7.org/fhir/profiling.html), about how to support these concepts for specific implementation needs.

#### Identifiers
These definitions, defined as profiles of [Identifier](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Identifier), represent common data held in the PractitionerRole.identifier element:
* [Medicare Provider Number](StructureDefinition-au-medicareprovidernumber.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/medicare-provider-number/index.html){:target="_blank"} [<sup>[2]</sup>](http://meteor.aihw.gov.au/content/index.phtml/itemId/601956){:target="_blank"}
* [National Provider Identifier at Organisation (NPIO)](StructureDefinition-au-nationalprovideridentifieratorganisation.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://hl7.org.au/id/npio/index.html){:target="_blank"}
* [Employee Number](StructureDefinition-au-employeenumber.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/abn-scoped/service-provider-individual/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"} [<sup>[2]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/hpio-scoped/service-provider-individual/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"}

#### Extensions
Potentially useful extensions:
* PractitionerRole.telecom: [Contact Purpose](http://build.fhir.org/ig/hl7au/au-fhir-base/StructureDefinition-contact-purpose.html)

#### Usage Notes
When it is necessary to indicate the purpose of a contact point (e.g. telecom), the extension Contact Purpose could be used.

**Examples**

[Practitioner Role with Medicare provider number and SNOMED-CT coded specialty](PractitionerRole-example0.html)

[Radiologist with ABN-scoped employee number](PractitionerRole-example1.html)

[Pathologist with ABN-scoped employee number](PractitionerRole-example2.html)

[General Practitioner with Medicare provider number and SNOMED-CT coded specialty](PractitionerRole-example3.html)

Commit message:

Improve treatment of examples in PractitionerRole (#530)
* Use preferred values for code and specialty, use example values for telecom and identifier.

* Improve text of links to examples in intro.md, make associated changes to examples.

* Added reference to ANZSCO in intro.md as placeholder

* Improve text of links to examples

* Improve link text to examples
Use standard example value for Medicare Provider Number

* Add missing reference to practitionerrole-example4

Co-authored-by: Danielle Tavares-Rixon <danielle.tavares-rixon@digitalhealth.gov.au>

pages/_includes/au-practitionerrole-intro.md, after:

**AU Base Practitioner Role** *[[FMM Level 3](guidance.html)]*

This profile defines a practitioner role structure that localises core concepts, including identifiers and terminology, for use in an Australian context.

The purpose of this profile is to provide national level agreement on core localised concepts. 

This profile does not force conformance to core localised concepts. It enables implementers and modellers to make their own rules, i.e. [profiling](http://hl7.org/fhir/profiling.html), about how to support these concepts for specific implementation needs.

#### Identifiers
These definitions, defined as profiles of [Identifier](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Identifier), represent common data held in the PractitionerRole.identifier element:
* [Medicare Provider Number](StructureDefinition-au-medicareprovidernumber.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/medicare-provider-number/index.html){:target="_blank"} [<sup>[2]</sup>](http://meteor.aihw.gov.au/content/index.phtml/itemId/601956){:target="_blank"}
* [National Provider Identifier at Organisation (NPIO)](StructureDefinition-au-nationalprovideridentifieratorganisation.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://hl7.org.au/id/npio/index.html){:target="_blank"}
* [Employee Number](StructureDefinition-au-employeenumber.html) [<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/abn-scoped/service-provider-individual/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"} [<sup>[2]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/hpio-scoped/service-provider-individual/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"}

#### Extensions
Potentially useful extensions:
* PractitionerRole.telecom: [Contact Purpose](http://build.fhir.org/ig/hl7au/au-fhir-base/StructureDefinition-contact-purpose.html)

#### Usage Notes
When it is necessary to indicate the purpose of a contact point (e.g. telecom), the extension Contact Purpose could be used.

When coding PractitionerRole.code, a code from the value set [Australian and New Zealand Standard Classification of Occupations](https://healthterminologies.gov.au/fhir/ValueSet/anzsco-1) may be used where a system is unable to provide a code from the preferred value set [Practitioner Role](https://healthterminologies.gov.au/fhir/ValueSet/practitioner-role-1).

**Examples**

[Practitioner Role with Medicare provider number and SNOMED-CT coded specialty](PractitionerRole-example0.html)

[Radiologist with National Provider Identifier at Organisation](PractitionerRole-example1.html)

[Pathologist with ABN-scoped employee number and SNOMED-CT coded specialty](PractitionerRole-example2.html)

[General Practitioner with Medicare provider number and SNOMED-CT coded specialty](PractitionerRole-example3.html)

[Cardiologist with Medicare provider number and vendor directory identifier, with HL7 V2 Assigning Authority](PractitionerRole-example4.html)
