pages/_includes/au-sexassignedatbirth-intro.md, before:

**AU Biological Sex Assigned at Birth** *[[FMM Level 0](guidance.html)]*

This profile provides an observation information structure for a patient’s biological sex[<sup>[1]</sup>](https://meteor.aihw.gov.au/content/index.phtml/itemId/635233){:target="_blank"}[<sup>[2]</sup>](https://www.abs.gov.au/statistics/standards/standard-sex-gender-variations-sex-characteristics-and-sexual-orientation-variables/latest-release){:target="_blank"} assigned at birth. Biological sex assigned at birth refers to what was determined by sex characteristics observed at birth or infancy, including genital and chromosome composition. Sex assigned at birth is captured once for a patient and is not expected to change within their lifetime. 

NOTE: LOINC 76689-9 - Sex assigned at birth is being considered for removal from this profile. The concept is not equivalent to biological sex assigned at birth as it specifically states sex assigned and recorded on a birth certificate. We are seeking clarification from LOINC Regenstrief Institute  on the use of this code in a biological sex assigned at birth observation.

The HL7 International [Gender Harmony Project](https://confluence.hl7.org/display/VOC/The+Gender+Harmony+Project) project is ongoing; when outcomes of the project are available they will be considered for applicability to this and other biological sex observations.

#### Boundaries and Relationships

Biological sex assigned at birth should not be used for:
* the concept of a person's gender such as gender identity (part of a person’s personal and social identity) or administrative gender (record keeping purposes)
* birth certificate sex, noting that the values would be expected to align early in a person’s lifetime but that the biological sex recorded on a person’s birth certificate may change over a person’s lifetime and should be denoted by an Observation.code that clearly states that birth certificate sex is what has been captured e.g. LOINC 76689-9 - Sex assigned at birth 
* observations of biological sex that occurred later in life including later clinical findings that are the result of a specific measurement e.g. gonadal, ductal or phenotypic

For more information, see [AU Base Patient](http://build.fhir.org/ig/hl7au/au-fhir-base/StructureDefinition-au-patient.html) and the [Patient Gender and Sex](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/patient.html#gender) section in the [Patient](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/patient.html) resource. Work on supporting other biological sex concepts is expected to result in additional profiles published in this implementation guide.


**Examples**

[Sex assigned at birth: Intersex](Observation-sex-at-birth-intersex.html)

[Sex assigned at birth: Female](Observation-sex-at-birth-female.html)

[Sex assigned at birth: Male](Observation-06d63c90-0316-426d-97fa-d34ee65a0abd.html)

Commit message:

QA mop up (non-terminology) (#645)
* Delivery Point Identifier profile - fixed out of order element

Eliminates schema error

* Correction to acme.com uri

Corrected http://acme.com to http://example/acme.com

* AU Base Location - fixed out of order element

Eliminates schema error

* Extensions list - fixed 2 typos

Even though this page may be restructured into a table view, at least the typos are now fixed

* Extensions.md - alphabetised + completed the 'Data Types' grouping

* Profiles.md - alphabetised within groups

* Profiles.md - some consistency improvements 'terminology' instead of 'coding'

* Au Condition - remove erroneous diff entry for extension

* Biological Sex intro.md heading fixes

* Updated ignore warnings for abs code systems and biological sex value set

* FMM level update from 0 to 1 

As per PA Admin meeting 07/07/2021

* Observation example fixed display error

* AU Base Patient profile - removed ethnicity extension from structure

* AU Base Patient profile - patch version bump and updated date  

Due to removal of ethnicity extension from the structure

* AU Base Patient intro - moved ethnicity point to extensions under consideration

* Date of Arrival extension - fixed the descriptions

Missed from recent sweep of extensions

* Adding FMM level to extensions.pm and profile.md

The FMM level was added after the link to the profile/extension from the profile.md page and the extensions.md page.

* Updated Ethnicity extension intro content

Updated definition, scope and concerns

* Ethnicity extension - minor wording updates

* healthcareservice-example3 - corrected CodeSystem URL

* practitioner-example0 - corrected display value for "Australian Sign Language"

Co-authored-by: David McKillop <david.mckillop@digitalhealth.gov.au>
Co-authored-by: Danielle Tavares-Rixon <danielle.tavares-rixon@digitalhealth.gov.au>

pages/_includes/au-sexassignedatbirth-intro.md, after:

**AU Biological Sex Assigned at Birth** *[[FMM Level 1](guidance.html)]*

This profile provides an observation information structure for a patient’s biological sex[<sup>[1]</sup>](https://meteor.aihw.gov.au/content/index.phtml/itemId/635233){:target="_blank"}[<sup>[2]</sup>](https://www.abs.gov.au/statistics/standards/standard-sex-gender-variations-sex-characteristics-and-sexual-orientation-variables/latest-release){:target="_blank"} assigned at birth. Biological sex assigned at birth refers to what was determined by sex characteristics observed at birth or infancy, including genital and chromosome composition. Sex assigned at birth is captured once for a patient and is not expected to change within their lifetime. 

NOTE: LOINC 76689-9 - Sex assigned at birth is being considered for removal from this profile. The concept is not equivalent to biological sex assigned at birth as it specifically states sex assigned and recorded on a birth certificate. We are seeking clarification from LOINC Regenstrief Institute  on the use of this code in a biological sex assigned at birth observation.

The HL7 International [Gender Harmony Project](https://confluence.hl7.org/display/VOC/The+Gender+Harmony+Project) project is ongoing; when outcomes of the project are available they will be considered for applicability to this and other biological sex observations.


#### Extensions

No extensions are used in this profile.


#### Boundaries and Relationships

Biological sex assigned at birth should not be used for:
* the concept of a person's gender such as gender identity (part of a person’s personal and social identity) or administrative gender (record keeping purposes)
* birth certificate sex, noting that the values would be expected to align early in a person’s lifetime but that the biological sex recorded on a person’s birth certificate may change over a person’s lifetime and should be denoted by an Observation.code that clearly states that birth certificate sex is what has been captured e.g. LOINC 76689-9 - Sex assigned at birth 
* observations of biological sex that occurred later in life including later clinical findings that are the result of a specific measurement e.g. gonadal, ductal or phenotypic

For more information, see [AU Base Patient](http://build.fhir.org/ig/hl7au/au-fhir-base/StructureDefinition-au-patient.html) and the [Patient Gender and Sex](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/patient.html#gender) section in the [Patient](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/patient.html) resource. Work on supporting other biological sex concepts is expected to result in additional profiles published in this implementation guide.


#### Examples

[Sex assigned at birth: Intersex](Observation-sex-at-birth-intersex.html)

[Sex assigned at birth: Female](Observation-sex-at-birth-female.html)

[Sex assigned at birth: Male](Observation-06d63c90-0316-426d-97fa-d34ee65a0abd.html)
