pages/_includes/medication-generic-name-intro.md, before:

**Extension: Medication Generic Name**  *[[FMM Level 1](guidance.html)]*

This extension applies to the Medication, MedicationRequest, MedicationDispense and MedicationStatement resources and is used to represent the generic name of a medication.

The generic medication text name may not be the same as the subject medication (prescribed, dispensed or stated) but may be used to provide an additional or equivalent drug name that is a generic medication concept.


#### Usage Notes
This extension is not to be the sole representation of the medication concept; it should be used in conjunction with the medication code e.g. Medication.code or MedicationStatement.medicationCodeableConcept.

This extension may be used where a system cannot include a coded value for the generic name of a medication, in other words where only a text value for the generic name is available.


#### Examples
[Medication with generic name text](Medication-BrandedPack1.html)

[Prescription with generic name text](MedicationRequest-medicationrequest-example2.html)

Commit message:

CIFMM-3827 - Updated the intro.md files for both brand-name and generic-name extensions and also changed the four related intro.md medication profiles. Removed the extensions from both the examples too.

pages/_includes/medication-generic-name-intro.md, after:

**Extension: Medication Generic Name**  *[[FMM Level 1](guidance.html)]*

This extension applies to the Medication, MedicationRequest, MedicationDispense and MedicationStatement resources and is used to represent the generic name of a medication.

The generic medication text name may not be the same as the subject medication (prescribed, dispensed or stated) but may be used to provide an additional or equivalent drug name that is a generic medication concept.


#### Usage Notes
This extension is not to be the sole representation of the medication concept; it should be used in conjunction with the medication code e.g. Medication.code or MedicationStatement.medicationCodeableConcept.

Where a system cannot include a medication coded value, in other words where only a text value is available it is expected that:
* where a system has both brand name and generic name, brand name will form part of the medication code text and optionally be supplied in brand name extension, and generic name is supplied in the generic name extension
* where a system only has generic name, the generic name form part of medication code text and optionally be supplied in the generic name extension
* where a system is unable to determine if the text is brand name or generic name, the text will only be supplied in medication code text


#### Examples
No examples are available for this extension.
