pages/_includes/medication-type-intro.md, before:

**Extension: Medication Type**  *[[FMM Level 2](guidance.html)]*

This extension applies to the Coding datatype and provides a value to indicate a classification of the type of associated medication coding. This is useful when there are multiple codings from the same coding system at different levels/classifications.

#### Examples

[Fluconazole Dose Based Medication](Medication-MedicationDoseBased.html)

[Paracetamol Generic Pack](Medication-GenericPack0.html)

[Nexium Hp7 Brand Pack](Medication-BrandedPack0.html)

[Clarithromycin 500mg Tablet Unbranded Product](Medication-UnbrandedProduct0.html)

[Esomeprazole 20mg Tablet Unbranded Product](Medication-UnbrandedProduct1.html)

[Amoxicillin 500mg Capsule Unbranded Product](Medication-UnbrandedProduct2.html)

[Norvasc 10 mg Tablet Brand Product with Batch Details](Medication-BrandProductwithBatchDetails0.html)


The following examples have been taken from the [National guidelines for on-screen display of clinical medicines information – January 2016](https://www.safetyandquality.gov.au/publications/national-guidelines-for-on-screen-display-of-clinical-medicines-information/) published by the Australian Commission on Safety and Quality in Health Care. Care has been taken with the clinical content in the structured data, and construction of narrative to be consistent with the guidelines:

[Single active ingredient product: pack-based](Medication-BrandedPackSingleActiveIngredient0.html)

[Two active ingredients product](Medication-TwoActiveIngredientsProduct0.html)

[Product with four or more active ingredients](Medication-FourOrMoreActiveIngredientsProduct0.html)

Commit message:

QA fixes for medication extensions, terminology and the Dosage data type

pages/_includes/medication-type-intro.md, after:

**Extension: Medication Type**  *[[FMM Level 2](guidance.html)]*

This extension applies to the [Coding](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Coding) datatype and and indicates the type of information covered by the code e.g. branded product with no strength or form. This is useful when there are multiple codings from the same coding system at different levels/classifications.

#### Examples

[Fluconazole Dose Based Medication](Medication-MedicationDoseBased.html)

[Paracetamol Generic Pack](Medication-GenericPack0.html)

[Nexium Hp7 Brand Pack](Medication-BrandedPack0.html)

[Clarithromycin 500mg Tablet Unbranded Product](Medication-UnbrandedProduct0.html)

[Esomeprazole 20mg Tablet Unbranded Product](Medication-UnbrandedProduct1.html)

[Amoxicillin 500mg Capsule Unbranded Product](Medication-UnbrandedProduct2.html)

[Norvasc 10 mg Tablet Brand Product with Batch Details](Medication-BrandProductwithBatchDetails0.html)


The following examples have been taken from the [National guidelines for on-screen display of clinical medicines information – January 2016](https://www.safetyandquality.gov.au/publications/national-guidelines-for-on-screen-display-of-clinical-medicines-information/) published by the Australian Commission on Safety and Quality in Health Care. Care has been taken with the clinical content in the structured data, and construction of narrative to be consistent with the guidelines:

[Single active ingredient product: pack-based](Medication-BrandedPackSingleActiveIngredient0.html)

[Two active ingredients product](Medication-TwoActiveIngredientsProduct0.html)

[Product with four or more active ingredients](Medication-FourOrMoreActiveIngredientsProduct0.html)
