input/pagecontent/profiles-and-extensions.md, before:



### Profiles

The following profiles and have been defined for this implementation guide.

<!-- ================================================ -->
<!--  use this line to include an autogenerated list of all profiles and highlight new ones using the input/data/new_stuff.yml list.  Remove it if you would like to hand generate it -->

{% include sd-list-generator.md %}
<!-- ================================================ -->

<br />

### Extensions

The following [extensions]({{site.data.fhir.path}}extensibility.html) have been defined as part of this guide. A [registry of standard extensions]({{site.data.fhir.path}}extensibility-registry.html) can be found in the FHIR specification and additional extensions may be registered on the HL7 FHIR registry at <http://hl7.org/fhir/registry>.


<!-- ================================================ -->
<!--  use this line to include an autogenerated list of all profiles and highlight new ones using the input/data/new_stuff.yml list.  Remove it if you would like to hand generate it -->

{% include ext-list-generator.md %}
<!-- ================================================ -->


<br />

Commit message:

Preadoption of extensions Individual Pronouns and Recorded Sex or Gender (#787)
* Introduction of R4 conversion of Patient Sex Parameter For Clinical Use

* Inclusion of SexForClinicalUseParameter 

Added to AU Base Patient 0..*
Added to AU Base Medication Request 0..1
Added to AU Base Diagnostic Request 0..1

https://jira.hl7australia.com/browse/FHIRIG-220
https://github.com/hl7au/au-fhir-base/issues/766
https://github.com/hl7au/au-fhir-base/issues/321

* Added examples

* Added missing intro file

* Introduction of R4 conversion of Person Recorded Sex Or Gender

* Introduction of R4 Individual Pronouns extension

* Added example

* Added missing intro files

* Added note advising of forward compatibility concerns

* Fix typo

* Addition of warnings and notes

* Added missing styling

* slice name fix

* Added warning on terminology page

https://jira.hl7australia.com/browse/FHIRIG-220
https://github.com/hl7au/au-fhir-base/issues/766
https://github.com/hl7au/au-fhir-base/issues/321

* Pre-adoption of Individual Pronouns and Person Recorded Sex Or Gender

Relates to https://github.com/hl7au/au-fhir-base/issues/321

input/pagecontent/profiles-and-extensions.md, after:



### Profiles

The following profiles and have been defined for this implementation guide.

<!-- ================================================ -->
<!--  use this line to include an autogenerated list of all profiles and highlight new ones using the input/data/new_stuff.yml list.  Remove it if you would like to hand generate it -->

{% include sd-list-generator.md %}
<!-- ================================================ -->

<br />

### Extensions

The following [extensions]({{site.data.fhir.path}}extensibility.html) have been defined as part of this guide. A [registry of standard extensions]({{site.data.fhir.path}}extensibility-registry.html) can be found in the FHIR specification and additional extensions may be registered on the HL7 FHIR registry at <http://hl7.org/fhir/registry>.

<p class="stu-note">We have introduced support for the following extensions: <a href="StructureDefinition-individual-pronouns.html">Individual Pronouns</a> and <a href="StructureDefinition-individual-recordedSexOrGender.html">Person Recorded Sex Or Gender</a>. These extensions are re-published as R4 structures in this guide to pre-adopt the material published in the R5 <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/extensions/1.0.0">FHIR Extensions Pack</a> (see each extension page in this guide for information on any material differences). Implementers are advised to take note that this content may be removed or changed and to take caution if using these extensions.</p>


<!-- ================================================ -->
<!--  use this line to include an autogenerated list of all profiles and highlight new ones using the input/data/new_stuff.yml list.  Remove it if you would like to hand generate it -->

{% include ext-list-generator.md %}
<!-- ================================================ -->


<br />
