input/intro-notes/StructureDefinition-au-patient-intro.md, before:

### Usage Notes

- This profile supports patient gender identity aligned to [Australian Bureau of Statics Standard for Sex, Gender, Variations of Sex Characteristics and Sexual Orientation Variables, 2020](https://www.abs.gov.au/statistics/standards/standard-sex-gender-variations-sex-characteristics-and-sexual-orientation-variables/latest-release#gender) using the [genderIdentity extension](http://hl7.org/fhir/StructureDefinition/patient-genderIdentity) and [Gender Identity Response](https://healthterminologies.gov.au/fhir/ValueSet/gender-identity-response-1) value set.
  - *Man or male* may be represented by sending the code "446151000124109" (Identifies as male gender)
  - *Woman or female* may be represented by sending the code "446141000124107" (Identifies as female gender)
  - *Non-binary* may be represented by sending the code "33791000087105" (Identifies as nonbinary gender), see example [Patient/example4](Patient-example4.html)
  - *[I/They] use a different term (please specify)*  may be represented by sending only text and no code, see example [Patient/example7](Patient-example7.html)
  - *Prefer not to answer* may be represented by sending the code `asked-declined`, see example [Patient/example0](Patient-example0.html)
  - *Not stated or inadequately described* may be represented by the code `unknown`

Multiple Individual Healthcare Identifiers are supported particularly to support the recording of IHI values where the status and/or record status varies (e.g. deceased, provisional).

Medicare Number is defined as a 10 or 11 digit number. Whilst 10 digits is not sufficient to uniquely identify an individual it is a supported entry where systems do not support 11 digit content. If required profiles can constrain this slice further to restrict usage to 11 digits only as desired.
Medicare Numbers are not used for uniquely identifying patients, they are identifying information that can be used in conjunction with other elements such as name and date of birth appropriately to confirm identity.

To indicate an interpreter service is required, extension interpreter required=true should be set. If the language for interpreter service is known then it should be included in communication.language with communication.preferred=true. If communication.preferred=true is not set when interpreter required=true then it may be understood that an interpreter is required but the language for the interpreter service is not known.

**Extensions under consideration:**
* Patient: [Ethnicity](StructureDefinition-ethnicity.html)

Commit message:

Ballot: editorial and guidance fixes (#755)
* Refactoring implementation guidance

Formatting, presentation, active voice

* Addition of business identifier guidance

* Refactoring implementation guidance

Formatting, presentation, active voice

* Moved Ahpra element guidance into HL7 AU Base

Fixes FHIRIG-214
Partial fix for FHIRIG-218

* Refactoring implementation guidance

Formatting, presentation, active voice

* Refactoring implementation guidance

Formatting, presentation, active voice

* Refactoring implementation guidance

Formatting, presentation, active voice, clarity
Addresses FHIRIG-224
Partially addresses FHIRIG-234

* Fix title case of headings

* Removed old content

Copied from pre-template input - not used now

* Cleanup 

Spelling, removal of erroneous mapping in differential

* Added missing FMM

Partially addresses FHIRIG-234

* Refactoring guidance + informative material

Presentation, active voice, clarity, formatting

* Refactoring guidance

Formatting, presentation, active voice

* Refactoring guidance + example + informative

Formatting, presentation, active voice, moved definitional information into StructureDefinition.
Partially addresses FHIRIG-226.

* Refactoring guidance

Presentation, formatting, active voice, clarifications
Added warning

* Cleanup of guidance and informative editorial changes

Partially addresses FHIRIG-211

* Cleanup of hyperlinks

Addresses FHIRIG-211.

input/intro-notes/StructureDefinition-au-patient-intro.md, after:

### Usage Notes

**Profile specific implementation guidance:**
- This profile supports patient gender identity aligned to [Australian Bureau of Statics Standard for Sex, Gender, Variations of Sex Characteristics and Sexual Orientation Variables, 2020](https://www.abs.gov.au/statistics/standards/standard-sex-gender-variations-sex-characteristics-and-sexual-orientation-variables/latest-release#gender) using the [genderIdentity extension](http://hl7.org/fhir/StructureDefinition/patient-genderIdentity) and [Gender Identity Response](https://healthterminologies.gov.au/fhir/ValueSet/gender-identity-response-1) value set.
  - *Man or male* may be represented by sending the code "446151000124109" (Identifies as male gender)
  - *Woman or female* may be represented by sending the code "446141000124107" (Identifies as female gender)
  - *Non-binary* may be represented by sending the code "33791000087105" (Identifies as nonbinary gender), see example [Patient/example4](Patient-example4.html)
  - *[I/They] use a different term (please specify)*  may be represented by sending only text and no code, see example [Patient/example7](Patient-example7.html)
  - *Prefer not to answer* may be represented by sending the code "asked-declined", see example [Patient/example0](Patient-example0.html)
  - *Not stated or inadequately described* may be represented by the code "unknown"
- Need for an interpreter service can be represented with the [interpreterRequired extension](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/extension-patient-interpreterrequired.html) set to "true" 
  - If the language for interpreter service is known, the language is included in `Patient.communication.language` and `Patient.communication.preferred` is set to "true". 
  - If communication.preferred has not been included, or is set to "false", systems should understand this as the language for the interpreter service is not known.
- See each Identifier profile page for guidance related to that identifier type.

**Extensions under consideration:**
* Patient: [Ethnicity](StructureDefinition-ethnicity.html)
