input/intro-notes/StructureDefinition-au-localreportidentifier-intro.md, before:

A report identifier must uniquely identify the report from all other reports in a particular system (e.g. diagnostic imaging system, clinical laboratory system, document management system, referral systems).

In some laboratory systems, the report identifier may be a concatenation of a lab number and report panel code (e.g. 19P123456-FBC), where the panel code makes the identifier unique from other reports under the same lab number. 

#### Usage Notes

In many systems the report identifier is fulfilled by the concept filler order number in the HL7 V2 specification if there is only a single filler order number per report. When sending a filler order number the [AU Local Order Identifier](StructureDefinition-au-localorderidentifier.html) is the recommended applicable profile.

In diagnostic imaging and some laboratory systems the report identifier is fulfilled by the concept accession number if there is only a single accession number per report. When sending an accession number the [AU Accession Number](StructureDefinition-au-accessionnumber.html) is the recommended applicable profile.

It is preferable that an organisation uses their own local system identifier namespace but if that is not available then an organisation can use their HPI-O to construct a legal globally unique identifier system for their local identifiers. 

See the Australian Digital Health Agency's [R4 FAQ](https://github.com/AuDigitalHealth/ci-fhir-r4/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions) for guidance on constructing an HPI-O scoped[<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/hpio-scoped/report/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"} local report identifier.

Commit message:

Re-balancing of structureDefinition.description with intro.md content
A request was made to keep the structureDefinition.description brief.  It was found that many were several sentences and the clarifying content beyond the initial definition should be in the intro.md of the respective file.  Hence this commit moves the detailed descriptive content from the structureDefinition.description to the respective intro.md content.

input/intro-notes/StructureDefinition-au-localreportidentifier-intro.md, after:

A local report identifier is an organisation’s identifier for a report in that organisation’s local system set of reports.

A report identifier must uniquely identify the report from all other reports in a particular system (e.g. diagnostic imaging system, clinical laboratory system, document management system, referral systems).

In some laboratory systems, the report identifier may be a concatenation of a lab number and report panel code (e.g. 19P123456-FBC), where the panel code makes the identifier unique from other reports under the same lab number. 

#### Usage Notes

In many systems the report identifier is fulfilled by the concept filler order number in the HL7 V2 specification if there is only a single filler order number per report. When sending a filler order number the [AU Local Order Identifier](StructureDefinition-au-localorderidentifier.html) is the recommended applicable profile.

In diagnostic imaging and some laboratory systems the report identifier is fulfilled by the concept accession number if there is only a single accession number per report. When sending an accession number the [AU Accession Number](StructureDefinition-au-accessionnumber.html) is the recommended applicable profile.

It is preferable that an organisation uses their own local system identifier namespace but if that is not available then an organisation can use their HPI-O to construct a legal globally unique identifier system for their local identifiers. 

See the Australian Digital Health Agency's [R4 FAQ](https://github.com/AuDigitalHealth/ci-fhir-r4/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions) for guidance on constructing an HPI-O scoped[<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/hpio-scoped/report/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"} local report identifier.
