input/intro-notes/StructureDefinition-au-localorderidentifier-intro.md, before:

Typically a local order identifier will be either a placer identifier[<sup>[1]</sup>](https://confluence.hl7australia.com/display/OOADRM20181/5+Observation+Ordering#id-5ObservationOrdering-5.4.1.2ORC-2Placerordernumber(EI)00216){:target="_blank"}  or a filler identifier[<sup>[2]</sup>](https://confluence.hl7australia.com/display/OOADRM20181/5+Observation+Ordering#id-5ObservationOrdering-5.4.1.3ORC-3Fillerordernumber(EI)00217){:target="_blank"} (sometimes known as filler order number). A placer identifier is an identifier for a request or group of requests where the identifier is issued by the entity making the request. A filler identifier is an identifier for a request or group of requests where the identifier is issued by the entity that produces the observations or fulfills the request.

#### Usage Notes

It is preferable that an organisation uses their own local system identifier namespace but if that is not available then an organisation can use their HPI-O to construct a legal globally unique identifier system for their local identifiers. 

See the Australian Digital Health Agency's [R4 FAQ](https://github.com/AuDigitalHealth/ci-fhir-r4/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions) for guidance on constructing an HPI-O scoped[<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/hpio-scoped/order/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"} local order identifier.

Commit message:

Re-balancing of structureDefinition.description with intro.md content
A request was made to keep the structureDefinition.description brief.  It was found that many were several sentences and the clarifying content beyond the initial definition should be in the intro.md of the respective file.  Hence this commit moves the detailed descriptive content from the structureDefinition.description to the respective intro.md content.

input/intro-notes/StructureDefinition-au-localorderidentifier-intro.md, after:

A local order identifier is an organisation's identifier for an order in that organisation's local system set of orders.

Typically a local order identifier will be either a placer identifier[<sup>[1]</sup>](https://confluence.hl7australia.com/display/OOADRM20181/5+Observation+Ordering#id-5ObservationOrdering-5.4.1.2ORC-2Placerordernumber(EI)00216){:target="_blank"}  or a filler identifier[<sup>[2]</sup>](https://confluence.hl7australia.com/display/OOADRM20181/5+Observation+Ordering#id-5ObservationOrdering-5.4.1.3ORC-3Fillerordernumber(EI)00217){:target="_blank"} (sometimes known as filler order number). A placer identifier is an identifier for a request or group of requests where the identifier is issued by the entity making the request. A filler identifier is an identifier for a request or group of requests where the identifier is issued by the entity that produces the observations or fulfills the request.

#### Usage Notes

It is preferable that an organisation uses their own local system identifier namespace but if that is not available then an organisation can use their HPI-O to construct a legal globally unique identifier system for their local identifiers. 

See the Australian Digital Health Agency's [R4 FAQ](https://github.com/AuDigitalHealth/ci-fhir-r4/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions) for guidance on constructing an HPI-O scoped[<sup>[1]</sup>](http://ns.electronichealth.net.au/id/hpio-scoped/order/1.0/index.html){:target="_blank"} local order identifier.
