input/intro-notes/StructureDefinition-au-imagingresult-intro.md, before:

### Usage Notes
The observation may represent the result of a simple examination or it may group the set of results produced by a study series. In the latter cases, the observation carries the code of the study / panel and the overall comments in the note element, or a global interpretation by the producer of the study in the interpretation element. The observation references the individual observations that make up the study as ‘has-member’ child observations.

The bodySite extension may be used when a coded concept does not provide the necessary detail needed for the use case.

When sending observations that group the set of results of a multi-modality procedure:
* a multi-modality procedure observation is sent with individual component examinations in Observation.hasMember
* an individual component examination observation is referenced by that multi-modality procedure observation (Observation.hasMember) rather than directly at the diagnostic report level (DiagnosticReport.result)

Commit message:

Ballot: editorial and guidance fixes (#755)
* Refactoring implementation guidance

Formatting, presentation, active voice

* Addition of business identifier guidance

* Refactoring implementation guidance

Formatting, presentation, active voice

* Moved Ahpra element guidance into HL7 AU Base

Fixes FHIRIG-214
Partial fix for FHIRIG-218

* Refactoring implementation guidance

Formatting, presentation, active voice

* Refactoring implementation guidance

Formatting, presentation, active voice

* Refactoring implementation guidance

Formatting, presentation, active voice, clarity
Addresses FHIRIG-224
Partially addresses FHIRIG-234

* Fix title case of headings

* Removed old content

Copied from pre-template input - not used now

* Cleanup 

Spelling, removal of erroneous mapping in differential

* Added missing FMM

Partially addresses FHIRIG-234

* Refactoring guidance + informative material

Presentation, active voice, clarity, formatting

* Refactoring guidance

Formatting, presentation, active voice

* Refactoring guidance + example + informative

Formatting, presentation, active voice, moved definitional information into StructureDefinition.
Partially addresses FHIRIG-226.

* Refactoring guidance

Presentation, formatting, active voice, clarifications
Added warning

* Cleanup of guidance and informative editorial changes

Partially addresses FHIRIG-211

* Cleanup of hyperlinks

Addresses FHIRIG-211.

input/intro-notes/StructureDefinition-au-imagingresult-intro.md, after:

### Usage Notes

**Profile specific implementation guidance:**
- The [bodySite](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/extension-bodysite.html) extension may be suitable for use where
   - body site is not implicit in the code found in `Observation.code` and  
   - body site information is to be handled as a separate resource (e.g. to identify and track separately) instead of an inline coded element in `Observation.bodySite`.
- When sending an observation that represents a study series or panel:
  - the group / panel code is sent in `Observation.code`
  - the overall comments are sent in `Observation.note`
  - the global interpretation by the producer of the study is sent in `Observation.interpretation`
  - individual results may be sent in `Observation.component` or by referencing individual observation results in `Observation.hasMember`
- When sending observations that group the set of results of a multi-modality procedure:
  - A multi-modality procedure observation is sent with individual component examinations in `Observation.hasMember`.
  - An individual component examination observation is referenced by that multi-modality procedure observation (`Observation.hasMember`) rather than directly at the diagnostic report level (`DiagnosticReport.result`).
