input/intro-notes/StructureDefinition-au-pathologyresult-intro.md, before:

In the latter cases, the observation carries the code of the study / panel and the overall comments in the note element, or a global interpretation by the producer of the study in the interpretation element. The observation references the individual test results that make up the study / panel as ‘has-member’ child observations.

#### Boundaries and relationships

This profile does not provide full support for structured pathology reporting. It is expected that this support is best handled by a set of profiles that represent the structured reporting requirements for each specific protocol (see for example [RCPA’s structured pathology reporting of cancer](https://www.rcpa.edu.au/Library/Practising-Pathology/Structured-Pathology-Reporting-of-Cancer)); this is not in the scope of this implementation guide at this time.

#### Usage Notes
When sending observations that group the set of results by a multi-test study or panel:
* a study / panel observation is sent with individual component tests in Observation.hasMember
* an individual component test observation is referenced by that study / panel observation (Observation.hasMember) rather than directly at the diagnostic report level (DiagnosticReport.result)

If the pathology laboratory is a discipline specific laboratory then one of the appropriate discipline specific value sets may be more suitable for use than the entire reporting set available in the profile:
* [ValueSet : RCPA - SPIA Chemical Pathology Terminology Reference Set](https://www.healthterminologies.gov.au/integration/R4/fhir/ValueSet/spia-chemical-pathology-refset-3?ui:source=search)
* [ValueSet : RCPA - SPIA Haematology Terminology Reference Set](https://www.healthterminologies.gov.au/integration/R4/fhir/ValueSet/spia-haematology-refset-3?ui:source=search)
* [ValueSet : RCPA - SPIA Immunopathology Terminology Reference Set](https://www.healthterminologies.gov.au/integration/R4/fhir/ValueSet/spia-immunopathology-refset-3?ui:source=search)
* [ValueSet : RCPA - SPIA Microbiology Serology Molecular Pathology Terminology Reference Set](https://www.healthterminologies.gov.au/integration/R4/fhir/ValueSet/spia-microbiology-serology-molecular-refset-3?ui:source=search)

Commit message:

Re-balancing of structureDefinition.description with intro.md content
A request was made to keep the structureDefinition.description brief.  It was found that many were several sentences and the clarifying content beyond the initial definition should be in the intro.md of the respective file.  Hence this commit moves the detailed descriptive content from the structureDefinition.description to the respective intro.md content.

input/intro-notes/StructureDefinition-au-pathologyresult-intro.md, after:

This profile is intended to be capable of supporting reporting for all pathology disciplines (e.g. including microbiology, histopathology, cytology, blood transfusion) with the exception of genomics. The observation may represent the result of a simple test such as haemoglobin or it may group the set of results produced by a multi-test study or panel such as a full blood count, or urine specimen study.
In the latter cases, the observation carries the code of the study / panel and the overall comments in the note element, or a global interpretation by the producer of the study in the interpretation element. The observation references the individual test results that make up the study / panel as ‘has-member’ child observations.

#### Boundaries and relationships

This profile does not provide full support for structured pathology reporting. It is expected that this support is best handled by a set of profiles that represent the structured reporting requirements for each specific protocol (see for example [RCPA’s structured pathology reporting of cancer](https://www.rcpa.edu.au/Library/Practising-Pathology/Structured-Pathology-Reporting-of-Cancer)); this is not in the scope of this implementation guide at this time.

#### Usage Notes
When sending observations that group the set of results by a multi-test study or panel:
* a study / panel observation is sent with individual component tests in Observation.hasMember
* an individual component test observation is referenced by that study / panel observation (Observation.hasMember) rather than directly at the diagnostic report level (DiagnosticReport.result)

If the pathology laboratory is a discipline specific laboratory then one of the appropriate discipline specific value sets may be more suitable for use than the entire reporting set available in the profile:
* [ValueSet : RCPA - SPIA Chemical Pathology Terminology Reference Set](https://www.healthterminologies.gov.au/integration/R4/fhir/ValueSet/spia-chemical-pathology-refset-3?ui:source=search)
* [ValueSet : RCPA - SPIA Haematology Terminology Reference Set](https://www.healthterminologies.gov.au/integration/R4/fhir/ValueSet/spia-haematology-refset-3?ui:source=search)
* [ValueSet : RCPA - SPIA Immunopathology Terminology Reference Set](https://www.healthterminologies.gov.au/integration/R4/fhir/ValueSet/spia-immunopathology-refset-3?ui:source=search)
* [ValueSet : RCPA - SPIA Microbiology Serology Molecular Pathology Terminology Reference Set](https://www.healthterminologies.gov.au/integration/R4/fhir/ValueSet/spia-microbiology-serology-molecular-refset-3?ui:source=search)
