input/intro-notes/StructureDefinition-ethnicity-intro.md, before:

The words 'ethnicity' and 'ethnic' are associated with many different meanings, but for the purpose of this extension ethnicity refers to the shared identity or similarity of a group of people on the basis of one or more distinguishing sociological characteristics, such as language, shared history, religion, cultural traditions or geographic origin etc. This extension supports Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as well as ethnicities originating from outside of Australia. 

NOTE: There is concern on the appropriateness of the [Australian Standard Classification of Cultural and Ethnic Groups (ASCCEG) 2019](https://www.abs.gov.au/statistics/classifications/australian-standard-classification-cultural-and-ethnic-groups-ascceg/2019) and the more specific [ancestry coding index](https://www.abs.gov.au/statistics/classifications/australian-standard-classification-cultural-and-ethnic-groups-ascceg/2019#index-for-coding-responses) for use as a terminology outside of a statistical domain. Feedback is sought on the suitability of these coding standards in supporting targeted provision of culturally appropriate healthcare services.

NOTE: This extension is not suitable for use when an ethnic identity is comprised of an unstructured string of potentially multiple composites (e.g. 'Of Malaysian and German descent but associates more as a Malay'). Feedback is sought on how to support an unstructured string, including the possibility of a string alternative to cater for narrative or composite text statements.

Commit message:

Re-balancing of structureDefinition.description with intro.md content
A request was made to keep the structureDefinition.description brief.  It was found that many were several sentences and the clarifying content beyond the initial definition should be in the intro.md of the respective file.  Hence this commit moves the detailed descriptive content from the structureDefinition.description to the respective intro.md content.

input/intro-notes/StructureDefinition-ethnicity-intro.md, after:

This extension is to support the provision of healthcare services to patients with specific cultural identities. This extension provides further information about a person’s cultural values and practices which can be significant in determining service type, support required and possible needs.

The words 'ethnicity' and 'ethnic' are associated with many different meanings, but for the purpose of this extension ethnicity refers to the shared identity or similarity of a group of people on the basis of one or more distinguishing sociological characteristics, such as language, shared history, religion, cultural traditions or geographic origin etc. This extension supports Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as well as ethnicities originating from outside of Australia. 

NOTE: There is concern on the appropriateness of the [Australian Standard Classification of Cultural and Ethnic Groups (ASCCEG) 2019](https://www.abs.gov.au/statistics/classifications/australian-standard-classification-cultural-and-ethnic-groups-ascceg/2019) and the more specific [ancestry coding index](https://www.abs.gov.au/statistics/classifications/australian-standard-classification-cultural-and-ethnic-groups-ascceg/2019#index-for-coding-responses) for use as a terminology outside of a statistical domain. Feedback is sought on the suitability of these coding standards in supporting targeted provision of culturally appropriate healthcare services.

NOTE: This extension is not suitable for use when an ethnic identity is comprised of an unstructured string of potentially multiple composites (e.g. 'Of Malaysian and German descent but associates more as a Malay'). Feedback is sought on how to support an unstructured string, including the possibility of a string alternative to cater for narrative or composite text statements.
