input/intro-notes/StructureDefinition-au-medicationrequest-intro.md, before:

### Usage Notes

**Profile specific implementation guidance:**
- When identifying a medication, this resource can use either a code or refer to a Medication resource. 
- If making use of `MedicationRequest.code`, this profile includes coding as:
  - [PBS Item Code](https://www.pbs.gov.au/pbs/home) - Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme coding, claiming context is not relevant as medicine coding
  - [Medication Package Global Trade Item Number](http://terminology.hl7.org/ValueSet/v3-GTIN) - Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) physical product reference
  - [AMT Medicines](https://healthterminologies.gov.au/fhir/ValueSet/australian-medication-1) - Australian Medicines Terminology, national drug terminology
  - [MIMS Package](https://www.mims.com.au/index.php) - commonly used medicine coding
- If a medication is compounded and is a list of ingredients, `MedicationRequest.code` is still present and may contain only the list of ingredients as text in `MedicationRequest.code.text`.
- Where additional medicinal product information is needed, `MedicationRequest.medicationReference` is preferred to `MedicationRequest.code` and use of extensions, see guidance on [AU Base Medication](StructureDefinition-au-medication.html).
- See each Identifier profile page for guidance related to that identifier type.

**Potentially useful extensions:**
* MedicationRequest: [Medication Brand Name](StructureDefinition-medication-brand-name.html) 
* MedicationRequest: [Medication Generic Name](StructureDefinition-medication-generic-name.html)

Commit message:

Preadoption of extensions Individual Pronouns and Recorded Sex or Gender (#787)
* Introduction of R4 conversion of Patient Sex Parameter For Clinical Use

* Inclusion of SexForClinicalUseParameter 

Added to AU Base Patient 0..*
Added to AU Base Medication Request 0..1
Added to AU Base Diagnostic Request 0..1

https://jira.hl7australia.com/browse/FHIRIG-220
https://github.com/hl7au/au-fhir-base/issues/766
https://github.com/hl7au/au-fhir-base/issues/321

* Added examples

* Added missing intro file

* Introduction of R4 conversion of Person Recorded Sex Or Gender

* Introduction of R4 Individual Pronouns extension

* Added example

* Added missing intro files

* Added note advising of forward compatibility concerns

* Fix typo

* Addition of warnings and notes

* Added missing styling

* slice name fix

* Added warning on terminology page

https://jira.hl7australia.com/browse/FHIRIG-220
https://github.com/hl7au/au-fhir-base/issues/766
https://github.com/hl7au/au-fhir-base/issues/321

* Pre-adoption of Individual Pronouns and Person Recorded Sex Or Gender

Relates to https://github.com/hl7au/au-fhir-base/issues/321

input/intro-notes/StructureDefinition-au-medicationrequest-intro.md, after:

### Usage Notes

**Profile specific implementation guidance:**
- When identifying a medication, this resource can use either a code or refer to a Medication resource. 
- If making use of `MedicationRequest.code`, this profile includes coding as:
  - [PBS Item Code](https://www.pbs.gov.au/pbs/home) - Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme coding, claiming context is not relevant as medicine coding
  - [Medication Package Global Trade Item Number](http://terminology.hl7.org/ValueSet/v3-GTIN) - Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) physical product reference
  - [AMT Medicines](https://healthterminologies.gov.au/fhir/ValueSet/australian-medication-1) - Australian Medicines Terminology, national drug terminology
  - [MIMS Package](https://www.mims.com.au/index.php) - commonly used medicine coding
- If a medication is compounded and is a list of ingredients, `MedicationRequest.code` is still present and may contain only the list of ingredients as text in `MedicationRequest.code.text`.
- Where additional medicinal product information is needed, `MedicationRequest.medicationReference` is preferred to `MedicationRequest.code` and use of extensions, see guidance on [AU Base Medication](StructureDefinition-au-medication.html).
- When exchanging concepts of sex or gender, refer to the guidance in the [Gender Harmony Implementation Guide](http://hl7.org/xprod/ig/uv/gender-harmony/).
- See each Identifier profile page for guidance related to that identifier type.

**Potentially useful extensions:**
* MedicationRequest: [Medication Brand Name](StructureDefinition-medication-brand-name.html) 
* MedicationRequest: [Medication Generic Name](StructureDefinition-medication-generic-name.html)
