input/intro-notes/StructureDefinition-au-diagnosticrequest-intro.md, before:

### Usage Notes

**Profile specific implementation guidance:**
- The [procedure-targetBodyStructure](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/extension-procedure-targetbodystructure.html) extension may be suitable for use where
   - body site is not implicit in the code found in `ServiceRequest.code` and  
   - body site information is to be handled as a separate resource (e.g. to identify and track separately) instead of an inline coded element in `ServiceRequest.bodySite`. 
- `ServiceRequest.code` for a pathology order is preferred to be a member of the [RCPA - SPIA Requesting Pathology Terminology Reference Set](https://www.healthterminologies.gov.au/integration/R4/fhir/ValueSet/spia-requesting-refset-3). 
- `ServiceRequest.code` for an imaging order is preferred to be a member of the [Imaging Procedure](https://healthterminologies.gov.au/fhir/ValueSet/imaging-procedure-1) value set.
- See each Identifier profile page for guidance related to that identifier type.

**Extensions under consideration:**
* ServiceRequest: [Result Copies To](StructureDefinition-result-copies-to.html)

Commit message:

Preadoption of extensions Individual Pronouns and Recorded Sex or Gender (#787)
* Introduction of R4 conversion of Patient Sex Parameter For Clinical Use

* Inclusion of SexForClinicalUseParameter 

Added to AU Base Patient 0..*
Added to AU Base Medication Request 0..1
Added to AU Base Diagnostic Request 0..1

https://jira.hl7australia.com/browse/FHIRIG-220
https://github.com/hl7au/au-fhir-base/issues/766
https://github.com/hl7au/au-fhir-base/issues/321

* Added examples

* Added missing intro file

* Introduction of R4 conversion of Person Recorded Sex Or Gender

* Introduction of R4 Individual Pronouns extension

* Added example

* Added missing intro files

* Added note advising of forward compatibility concerns

* Fix typo

* Addition of warnings and notes

* Added missing styling

* slice name fix

* Added warning on terminology page

https://jira.hl7australia.com/browse/FHIRIG-220
https://github.com/hl7au/au-fhir-base/issues/766
https://github.com/hl7au/au-fhir-base/issues/321

* Pre-adoption of Individual Pronouns and Person Recorded Sex Or Gender

Relates to https://github.com/hl7au/au-fhir-base/issues/321

input/intro-notes/StructureDefinition-au-diagnosticrequest-intro.md, after:

### Usage Notes

**Profile specific implementation guidance:**
- The [procedure-targetBodyStructure](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/extension-procedure-targetbodystructure.html) extension may be suitable for use where
   - body site is not implicit in the code found in `ServiceRequest.code` and  
   - body site information is to be handled as a separate resource (e.g. to identify and track separately) instead of an inline coded element in `ServiceRequest.bodySite`. 
- `ServiceRequest.code` for a pathology order is preferred to be a member of the [RCPA - SPIA Requesting Pathology Terminology Reference Set](https://www.healthterminologies.gov.au/integration/R4/fhir/ValueSet/spia-requesting-refset-3). 
- `ServiceRequest.code` for an imaging order is preferred to be a member of the [Imaging Procedure](https://healthterminologies.gov.au/fhir/ValueSet/imaging-procedure-1) value set.
- When exchanging concepts of sex or gender, refer to the guidance in the [Gender Harmony Implementation Guide](http://hl7.org/xprod/ig/uv/gender-harmony/).
- See each Identifier profile page for guidance related to that identifier type.

**Extensions under consideration:**
* ServiceRequest: [Result Copies To](StructureDefinition-result-copies-to.html)
